Add IQS023 rule (#2388)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/iqs023.md

---
title: "IQS023 - Set Parallel updates"
---

IQS023 is as follows:

Set Parallel updates

## Reasoning

Some devices or services don't like receiving a lot of requests at the same time.

> So Home Assistant has a built-in feature to limit the number of requests that are sent to a device or service at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid that, Home Assistant has a built-in feature to limit the number of requests that are sent to a device or service at the same time.
```

This will be applied to both entity updates and actions calls.

We consider it a good practice to explicitly set the number of parallel updates.

## Example implementation

In the example below, we set the number of parallel updates to 1.
Which means if there are more entities on the sensor platform, they will be updated one by one.
If there is no need to limit the number of parallel updates, you can set it to 0.

`sensor.py`
```python
PARALLEL_UPDATES = 1

class MySensor(SensorEntity):
    """Representation of a sensor."""

    def __init__(self, device: Device) -> None:
        """Initialize the sensor."""
        ...
```

:::info
When using a coordinator, you are already centralizing the data updates.

> So you can usually set the number of parallel updates to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that usually only the action calls will be relevant to consider for setting the number of parallel updates.
```
